Working through EPA specific suggested edits (#57)
Openscapes/series: core-lessons/index.qmd

## Why we're here

> We are passionate environmental scientists studying important, time-sensitive topics using data of all kinds. And we were never taught to work efficiently with data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are passionate environmental scientists and researchers studying important, time-sensitive topics using data of all kinds. And we were never taught to work efficiently with data.
```

### Everyone is coming with different experiences & expectations

Everyone in this workshop is coming from a different place with different experiences and expectations. But everyone will learn something new here, because there is so much innovation in the data science world. You are encouraged to ask questions and answer those of others.

### We are all learning together

These tools are new to all of us, and the best ideas come from questions from anyone. If you are already familiar with some of this material, think about how your experience was learning it, and how you might teach it to others. Use these workshop materials not only as a reference in the future but also for talking points so you can communicate the importance of these tools to your communities. A big part of this Series is not only for you to learn these skills, but for you to also teach others and increase the value and practice of open data science in science as a whole.

### Vulnerability: yes! Shame: no.

> Shame is not allowed here. No "I already have well-established coding practices that don’t involve GitHub...is it too late for me to change?" or any of that. We have never had the opportunity to learn these things, there should be no shame on your part for that. It takes a lot of time and dedicated effort to learn and employ these practices, and they should be valued and taught. That's why you're here now, you should be proud that you are taking the initiative and your time to do this. No shame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We work on releasing any shame we feel around these topics. We avoid sentiments like "I already have well-established coding practices that don’t involve GitHub...is it too late for me to change?". We have never had the opportunity to learn these things, there should be no shame on your part for that. It takes a lot of time and dedicated effort to learn and employ these practices, and they should be valued and taught. That's why you're here now, you should be proud that you are taking the initiative and your time to do this. No shame.
```
